Hey.
You are the hope of my ant sports school
I don't allow you to take risks
And I believe you won the championship
This is the time when you can do a lot
But
You must not just take advantage of the moment
And destroy yourself?
Ouch.
You care so much about Zhao Ruolan, a bargain
What, do you have an affair with Zhao Ruolan too?
Oh, no wonder Zhao Ruolan can participate in the pre-selection
Able to go to Olympic monitoring
So what?
It's you, the principal, who is soft when he sleeps?
Luxury car fleet outside
You also pay
Come and support Zhao Ruolan
I'm warning you!
Don't spill blood here.
Zhao Ruolan and I are innocent
Only dirty-minded people like you
Only brains can come up with such dirty things
Sister-in-law, no matter what, you are also Ruolan's aunt
How can you say that about him?
You insult him like this again
I'm not polite to you.
You lost to the Fuso people alone.
The wimp who was robbed of his wife by the Fuso people
I'd like to see how you're rude to me
Dad, Principal Zhang
We don't have to talk to him anymore
Wait until I lift this 400kg strength
They just shut up and hum.
Good news, great news.
Someone in our village broke the record and won the championship